Add kubevirt IPI user documentation (#10)
nirarg/installer: docs/user/kubevirt/install_ipi.md

![KubeVirt Logo](./images/kubevirt-image.jpg)

**Table of Contents**

- [Install using KubeVirt platform provider](#install-using-kubevirt-platform-provider)
  * [Overview](#overview)
  * [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
  * [Minimum resources](#minimum-resources)
  * [Install](#install)
    + [Minimum permission for installation](#minimum-permission-for-installation)
    + [kubevirt-credentials](#kubevirt-credentials)
    + [Bootstrap VM](#bootstrap-vm)
    + [Install using the wizard](#install-using-the-wizard)
    + [Install using Install Config yaml](#install-using-install-config-yaml)
    + [Run the installer](#run-the-installer)
    + [After installation is done](#after-installation-is-done)

# Install using KubeVirt platform provider 

## Overview

This provider enables the OpenShift Installer to provision VM resources on

> Kubernetes platform which includes KubeVirt virtualization, that will be used as worker and masters of the clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes platform which includes KubeVirt, that will be used as workers and masters of the installed cluster.
```

Author: Fixed

As part of the installation process, it will also create the bootstrap machine.

## Prerequisite

1. Installed Infra cluster, using [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) or [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/)<br/>
   Prerequisite for Kubernetes:
   - [KubeVirt](https://kubevirt.io/) installed in the cluster
   - [Multus-cni](https://01.org/kubernetes/building-blocks/multus-cni) plugin installed in the cluster<br/>

   prerequisite for OpenShift:
   - [OpenShift Virtualization](https://www.openshift.com/learn/topics/virtualization/)

2. Create the network that would be used by the tenant cluster:
   - Create a bridge on the infra cluster nodes

>    - Create multus network (Network Attachment Definition) on the bridge

Reviewer: Please add example yamls for the nad and the bridge

Author: As discussed, we will avoid adding those examples

3. Allocate 2 IPs within the cluster network:
    - IP for the internal kubernetes api, that all components will interact with 
    - IP for the Ingress, the load balancer in front of the cluster apps 

    To work with this provider one must supply 2 IPs that are not related to any MAC in the environment, where the cluster will run. Those IPs will be active by keepalived, on, initially the bootstrap machine, and then the masters, after a fail-over, when the bootstrap is killed. 

4. Name resolution of `api_vip` from your installing machine 
The installer must resolve the `api_vip` during the installation, as it will interact with the API to follow the cluster version progress. 

## Minimum resources

The default master/worker:
- 4 CPUs
- 16 RAM
- 120 GB disk

For 3 masters/3 workers, the target Cluster **must have at least**:
- 96RAM
- 24vCPUs
- 720GiB storage

> Worker count can be reduced to 2 in `install-config.yaml` in case needed.

> The cluster will create by default 1 bootstrap, 3 master, and 3 workers machines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installer will create by default 1 bootstrap, 3 masters, and 3 workers machines. 
```

Author: Fixed

By the time the first worker is up the bootstrap VM should be destroyed, and this is included in the minimum resources calculation.

## Install 

### Minimum permission for installation

In order to be able to complete full installation process, the user running the installer must have privilaged for minimum permission.<br/>
Please refer the the [Role yaml](./role.yml) to view the list of the required permissions.<br/>
This role can be added to the cluster, and then binded to the user which running the installer, it can be done using the following ways:
- Create RoleBinding which bind the role to the user in the specific namespace
- If using Openshift as InfraCluster, run:<br/>
`oc adm policy add-role-to-user <role> <user> -n <namespace>`

### kubevirt-credentials

> Before you start the tenant cluster installation, make sure to login the infra cluster, one of the ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start the tenant cluster installation, make sure to login to the infra cluster, using one of these ways:
```

Author: Fixed

1. For configuration, kubectl looks for a file named config in the $HOME/.kube directory. You can specify other kubeconfig files by setting the KUBECONFIG environment variable or by setting the --kubeconfig flag.
2. Using the OpenShift oc command-line client (`oc login` command)
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html#cli-logging-in_cli-developer-commands

### Bootstrap VM

> The bootstrap will perform ignition fully and will advertise the IP in the pre-login msg.

Reviewer: I know this sentence is copied from oVirt manual (-:. but it makes no sense to me ...

Author: Removed this "Bootstrap" section from the documentation

![KubeVirt Logo](./images/kubevirt-image.jpg)

**Table of Contents**

- [Install using KubeVirt platform provider](#install-using-kubevirt-platform-provider)
  * [Overview](#overview)
  * [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
  * [Minimum resources](#minimum-resources)
  * [Install](#install)
    + [Minimum permission for installation](#minimum-permission-for-installation)
    + [kubevirt-credentials](#kubevirt-credentials)
    + [Bootstrap VM](#bootstrap-vm)
    + [Install using the wizard](#install-using-the-wizard)
    + [Install using Install Config yaml](#install-using-install-config-yaml)
    + [Run the installer](#run-the-installer)
    + [After installation is done](#after-installation-is-done)

# Install using KubeVirt platform provider 

## Overview

This provider enables the OpenShift Installer to provision VM resources on

> Kubernetes platform which includes KubeVirt, that will be used as workers and masters of the installed cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Kubernetes platform which includes KubeVirt, that will be used as workers and masters of the installed cluster.
```

As part of the installation process, it will also create the bootstrap machine.

## Prerequisite

1. Installed Infra cluster, using [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) or [OpenShift](https://www.openshift.com/)<br/>
   Prerequisite for Kubernetes:
   - [KubeVirt](https://kubevirt.io/) installed in the cluster
   - [Multus-cni](https://01.org/kubernetes/building-blocks/multus-cni) plugin installed in the cluster<br/>

   prerequisite for OpenShift:
   - [OpenShift Virtualization](https://www.openshift.com/learn/topics/virtualization/)

> 2. Create Namespace/Project, which the tenant cluster resources would be created in<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Namespace/Project, where the tenant cluster resources will be created in<br/>
```

>    Make sure that the following instructions are Fulfilled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure that the following instructions are fulfilled:
```

>    - Enable the KubeMacPool component for the namespace, virtual machine NICs in that namespace are allocated MAC addresses from a MAC address pool. This ensures that  virtual machine instances created from that virtual machine retain the assigned MAC address across reboots.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Enable support for KubeMacPool feature for the namespace (virtual machine NICs in that namespace are allocated MAC addresses from a MAC address pool. This ensures that  virtual machine instances created from that virtual machine retain the assigned MAC address across reboots).<br/>
```

>    In order to do that, add the KubeMacPool label to the namespace, run: <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In order to do that, add the KubeMacPool label to the namespace:<br/>
```

   `oc label namespace <namespace> mutatevirtualmachines.kubemacpool.io=allocate`<br/>

>    For more information go to [OpenShift docs](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/virt/virtual_machines/vm_networking/virt-using-mac-address-pool-for-vms.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information, refer to [OpenShift docs](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/virt/virtual_machines/vm_networking/virt-using-mac-address-pool-for-vms.html)
```

   - Make sure that the user running the installer has the [minimum rules](./role.yml) inside the namespace

3. Create the network that would be used by the tenant cluster:

>    - Create a bridge on the infra cluster nodes (You can use the example [here](./node-network-configuration-policy.yaml))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Create a bridge on the infra cluster nodes (You can use [this] example(./node-network-configuration-policy.yaml))
```

>    - Create multus network (Network Attachment Definition) on the bridge (You can use the example [here](./network-attachment-definition.yaml))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Create multus network (Network Attachment Definition) on the bridge (You can use [this] example(./network-attachment-definition.yaml))
```

4. Allocate 2 IPs within the cluster network:
    - IP for the internal kubernetes api, that all components will interact with 
    - IP for the Ingress, the load balancer in front of the cluster apps 

>     To work with this provider one must supply 2 IPs that are not related to any MAC in the environment, where the cluster will run. Those IPs will be active by keepalived, on, initially the bootstrap machine, and then the masters, after a fail-over, when the bootstrap is killed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To work with this provider, one must provide 2 IPs that are not reserved to any MAC address in the environment, where the cluster will run. These 2 IPs will be used and monitored by keepalived, initially on the bootstrap machine, and then on the masters (after a fail-over, when the bootstrap is killed).
```

> 5. Name resolution of `api_vip` from your installing machine 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Name resolution of `api_vip` from your installation machine 
```

> The installer must resolve the `api_vip` during the installation, as it will interact with the API to follow the cluster version progress. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be "to follow the cluster installation progress." ?

> ## Minimum resources

Reviewer: Minimal ?

The default master/worker:
- 4 CPUs
- 16 RAM
- 120 GB disk

For 3 masters/3 workers, the target Cluster **must have at least**:
- 96RAM
- 24vCPUs
- 720GiB storage

> Worker count can be reduced to 2 in `install-config.yaml` in case needed.

The installer will create by default 1 bootstrap, 3 masters, and 3 workers machines. 

> By the time the first worker is up the bootstrap VM should be destroyed, and this is included in the minimum resources calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the time the first worker is up the bootstrap VM should be destroyed, and this is included in the minimal resources calculation.
```

## Install 

### Minimum permission for installation

> In order to be able to complete full installation process, the user running the installer must have privilaged for minimum permission.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to complete full installation process, the user running the installer must have minimum permission.<br/>
```

- Create RoleBinding which bind the role to the user in the specific namespace
- If using Openshift as InfraCluster, run:<br/>
`oc adm policy add-role-to-user <role> <user> -n <namespace>`

### kubevirt-credentials

Before you start the tenant cluster installation, make sure to login to the infra cluster, using one of these ways:

1. For configuration, kubectl looks for a file named config in the $HOME/.kube directory. You can specify other kubeconfig files by setting the KUBECONFIG environment variable or by setting the --kubeconfig flag.
2. Using the OpenShift oc command-line client (`oc login` command)
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html#cli-logging-in_cli-developer-commands

### Install using the wizard 

At this stage, as the Kubevirt provider defined a dev preview, the installer can't be started using the wizard, please refer to [Install using Install Config yaml](#instal-using-install-config-yaml)

### Install using Install Config yaml

- Copy the example [install-config.yaml](./install-config.yaml#L13) file to `install_dir`
- Change the following values

> >- [baseDomain](./install-config.yaml#L2) - Enter the base domain would be used for this cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- [baseDomain](./install-config.yaml#L2) - Enter the base domain that would be used for this cluster
```

> >- Add the machines resources size, in case you want other values than defaults (optional fields)<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Update the machines resources (cpu, memory and storage size), in case you want to override the defaults (optional fields)<br/>
```

>>> Should be following to this structure (remove `{}`):<br/>
>>> ```console
>>>     kubevirt:
>>>       cpu: 4
>>>       memory: 16G
>>>       storageSize: 120Gi
>>> ``` 

> >>> Set different values for compute machines (workers) and for controlplan machines (masters):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> Set different values for compute machines (workers) and for control plain machines (masters):
```

>>>- [workers](./install-config.yaml#L7)
>>>- [masters](./install-config.yaml#L13)

> >- Change the [workerReplicas](./install-config.yaml#L8) - In case you need copute machines replica different than 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>- Change the [workerReplicas](./install-config.yaml#L8) -to customize the number of workers```

> >- Change the [masterReplicas](./install-config.yaml#L14) - In case you need controlplan machines replica different than 3

Reviewer: Is it really true - can one install a cluster with 2 or 4 master ?

Author: Theoretically yes, never tried that

>- Change the [Machine Network CIDR](./install-config.yaml#L23) to the network range defined in the Network Attachment Definition
>- Set the [Platform](./install-config.yaml#L27) values, according to the values in the Infra cluster
>>> Should be following to this structure:<br/>
>>> ```console
>>>     kubevirt:
>>>       apiVIP: x.x.x.y
>>>       ingressVIP: x.x.x.z
>>>       namespace: tenantcluster namespace
>>> ```
>>> |Value name                  |Value type                    |Required|Description   |
>>> |---                         |---                           |---     |---|

> >>> |namespace                   |string                        |Yes     |The namespace in the infra cluster, which the control plane (master vms) and the compute (worker vms) are installed in   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> |namespace                   |string                        |Yes     |The namespace in the infra cluster, where the control plane (master vms) and the compute (worker vms) will be created in   |
```

>>> |apiVIP                      |IPV4                          |Yes     |The virtual IP address for the api endpoint   |
>>> |ingressVIP                  |IPV4                          |Yes     |An external IP which routes to the default ingress controller   |
>>> |persistentVolumeAccessMode  |[ReadWriteMany,ReadWriteOnce] |No      |The access mode should be use with the persistent volumes   |
>- Set the [pullSecret](./install-config.yaml#L35), You can get this secret from https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/install/pull-secret`
>- Set the [sshKey](./install-config.yaml#L36) (content of ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub)

### Run the installer 

Start the installation using the install-config created in the folder `install_dir`

```console
$ openshift-install create cluster --dir=install_dir
``` 
### After installation is done

When the all prompts are done the installer will create ${HOME}/.kubevirt/kubevirt-config.yaml
containing all required information about the connection with Engine.
The installation process will create a temporary VM which will trigger bootstrap VM
for later create three masters nodes. The masters nodes will create all services and

> checks required. Finally, the cluster will create the three workers node.

Reviewer: All this section is unclear to me - I don't see a reason at this point (end of installation) to list again the installation process (bootstrap -> masters -> workers). It should simply list how the user access the new cluster.

Author: Agree, I remove this section, leave only the description how to access to the tenantcluster
